Make 'async' part of the function type, not a hint (#578)
WebAssembly/component-model: design/mvp/Concurrency.md

in the Preview 3 `wasi:cli/command` world, which exports `run: async func() ->
result`. Thus, `async` in WIT does not require the same kind of transitive
source-code changes as source-level `async` in langauges like C#, Python, JS,
Rust and Dart.

Because `async` exports impose little to no requirements on the guest
language's style of concurrency, most `world`s (including `wasi:cli/command`,
`wasi:http/service` and `wasi:http/middleware`) are expected to export `async`
functions so that the contained Core WebAssembly code is free to block.
Implementing a non-`async` function will primarily only arise when a component
is *virtualizing* the non-`async` *imports* of a `world` (e.g., the getters and
setters of `wasi:http/types.headers`). In this virtualization scenario (once
functions are allowed to be [recursive](#TODO)), the Canonical ABI and/or Core
WebAssembly [stack-switching] proposal will allow a parent component to
implement a child's non-`async` imports in terms of the parent's `async`
imports in the same manner as [JSPI]. Thus, overall, `async` in WIT and the
Component Model does not behave like a "color" in the sense described by the

> popular [What Color Is Your Function?] essay.

Reviewer: In what sense does it not behave like coloring? Irrespective of how they're lowered/lifted:
Async imports may only be called from within async exports, right?

To me, that sounds exactly like the virality described in "What Color Is Your Function?".

For more information, see [`context.get`] in the AST explainer.

### Blocking

When a thread calls an import using the async ABI, the Component Model
guarantees that if the callee **blocks**, control flow is immediately returned
back to the caller. When the callee is implemented by the *host*, what counts as
"blocking" is up to the host; e.g., the host can arbitrarily determine whether
file I/O "blocks" or not depending on whether the host is implemented using
traditional synchronous OS syscalls or an asynchronous `io_uring`. However,
when the callee is implemented by another component, the Component Model
defines exactly what counts as "blocking".

At a high level, there are six ways for a call to a component export to block,
all of which are described above or below in more detail:
* calling an `async`-typed function import using the sync ABI
* suspending the current thread via the
  [`thread.suspend`](#thread-built-ins) built-in
* cooperatively yielding (e.g., during a long-running computation) via the
  [`thread.yield`](#thread-built-ins) built-in
* waiting for one of a set of concurrent operations to complete via the

>   [`waitable-set.{wait,poll}`](#waitables-and-waitable-sets) built-ins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* waiting for one of a set of concurrent operations to complete via the
  [`waitable-set.{wait}`](#waitables-and-waitable-sets) built-ins
```

* waiting for a stream or future operation to complete via the

>   [`{stream,future}.{,cancel-}{read,write}`](#streams-and-futures) built-ins

Reviewer 2: My understanding (Luke correct me if I'm wrong), is "no" so long as the intrinsics are declared with the `async` option. Omitting the `async` option means that they block for the operation, but this won't be what non-blocking I/O does anyway. For nonblocking I/O all the intrinsics used will be declared `async` which means that a "BLOCKED" status code will be returned as opposed to trapping, and that can be handled as per usual.
